Zhao Hui, you bastard
How dare you collude with the soldiers to let the soldiers enter the East Palace
Are you going to rebel?
How am I rebelling?
I suspect the prince is imprisoned by you
Here to save people
You thief, don't even think about it.
Just a few of you
Can block the army outside
I got caught quickly
Xiao Li
I'll see who can stop me today at your palace committee.
Brother Zhao, stay safe
You are Yang Xue
Is your bone poisoned?
What's the matter, it's just a trap to lie to you.
Well, I gained a lot today.
It seems that the court will be clean after tomorrow
What are you afraid of?
There are only a few people around this trash
We have armies. We have armies.
And the granddaughter of Yang Xue, the number one expert in the Western Regions
What's the problem with taking you down?
He saw my brother hang up
Today, I also want to meet Xiaoming in front of him.
Humph
Dog prince, say it well
I will not lack knives, Prince
I suggest you kneel down and beg us
maybe
We can leave a whole body for this bitch
Kneel down and dream
Little girl
This loser can't even kneel for you
What are you doing?
This is naturally Hualing lotus
Xiaoxue, right?
I have endured you for a long time